== README
This is a sample project I was asked as to write as part of an interview project.   This is the question:

Write a utility that hosts a an app that configures and hosts a webpage that says Hello xxxxxxxxxxxx.com  and runs all hands off, include dependencies needed to operate app.. (open ended) chose language of choice…


This is a simple web app that creates and configures servers in AWS.  For it to work, you'll need first rename the .env.example file to .env.

  cp .env.example .env

Add your AWS private and public keys.

In the Vagrant file, you'll also need to link to the folder with the ssh keys associated with your AWS account.

update:

  config.vm.synced_folder "/Users/jvanderhoof/.ssh/", "/opt/keys"

to you're ssh key directory.

To launch the application, you'll need to have Vagrant installed. Run `vagrant up`.  This will configure the server to run on port 3000 and start the Delayed Job queue.  It should be accessable at: http://10.10.10.10:8080.

It's a very simple application, and in the interest of time, didn't spend much time on design. Clicking 'New Server' will let you create a new server.  You'll need to add a name and select a Provider (only AWS), and a Resource Type (only Hello World Server).  Once a server is created, you can see the status by updating the Server List page.

The cookbook that sets up the server is located in berks-cookbooks/backcountry-project.

The interesting code for the app in the AwsServer class (located in lib/aws_server.rb) and the jobs (app/jobs folder).